# ModelsStorage

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ContainerId** | Pointer to **string** | The ID of the container that simulates the volume | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **int32** | The unique ID of the storage volume (autoincrement from DB) | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the storage volume (autogenerated if not provided) | [optional] 
**SizeGb** | Pointer to **int32** | The size of the volume in gigabytes | [optional] 
**VmId** | Pointer to **int32** | The ID of the attached virtual machine (nullable) | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewModelsStorage

`func NewModelsStorage() *ModelsStorage`

NewModelsStorage instantiates a new ModelsStorage object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewModelsStorageWithDefaults

`func NewModelsStorageWithDefaults() *ModelsStorage`

NewModelsStorageWithDefaults instantiates a new ModelsStorage object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetContainerId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetContainerId() string`

GetContainerId returns the ContainerId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContainerIdOk

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetContainerIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetContainerIdOk returns a tuple with the ContainerId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContainerId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) SetContainerId(v string)`

SetContainerId sets ContainerId field to given value.

### HasContainerId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) HasContainerId() bool`

HasContainerId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ModelsStorage) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ModelsStorage) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSizeGb

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetSizeGb() int32`

GetSizeGb returns the SizeGb field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSizeGbOk

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetSizeGbOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSizeGbOk returns a tuple with the SizeGb field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSizeGb

`func (o *ModelsStorage) SetSizeGb(v int32)`

SetSizeGb sets SizeGb field to given value.

### HasSizeGb

`func (o *ModelsStorage) HasSizeGb() bool`

HasSizeGb returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVmId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetVmId() int32`

GetVmId returns the VmId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVmIdOk

`func (o *ModelsStorage) GetVmIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetVmIdOk returns a tuple with the VmId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVmId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) SetVmId(v int32)`

SetVmId sets VmId field to given value.

### HasVmId

`func (o *ModelsStorage) HasVmId() bool`

HasVmId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


